README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Dibran Mulder 🤗

- 💬 Ask me about Azure Serverless and PaaS, .NET, TypeScript, Angular, React. 
- 😄 Pronouns: He, him, Mr.
- ⚡ Fun fact: Race cyclist, father of 2, husband, Christian.

## Connect with me

[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

[twitter]: https://twitter.com/dibranmulder
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/dibranmulder
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/dibranmulder

</br></br>
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/dibranmulder?color=1DA1F2&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fdibranmulder&screen_name=dibranmulder)

Commit message:

Update job title to GenerativeAI Developer for the NS (Netherlands Railways)

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Dibran Mulder 🤗, GenerativeAI Developer for the NS (Netherlands Railways)

- 💬 Ask me about Azure Serverless and PaaS, .NET, TypeScript, Angular, React. 
- 😄 Pronouns: He, him, Mr.
- ⚡ Fun fact: Race cyclist, father of 2, husband, Christian.

## Connect with me

[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="codeSTACKr | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

[twitter]: https://twitter.com/dibranmulder
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/dibranmulder
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/dibranmulder

</br></br>
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/dibranmulder?color=1DA1F2&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fdibranmulder&screen_name=dibranmulder)
